Now we have all the amination that is
required to do spring dependency
injection so let's open up the ticket
service impl double click to maximize
it we have defined or declared the
ticketing DAO but we haven't
instantiated it at anywhere in our
service simple so let's use spring to do
that dependency injection the first step
is to define these as components so
instead of defining them as beans in
this configuration file which is one way
of doing it we can use the annotation
way which is much easier so we will
define these as spring components at
component control one import the
component annotation from the spring API
similarly go to the service impl at
component so we are defining both
the it's from org spring framework
stereotype package so the service impl
and DAO impl are now spring
components inside service impl the
next annotation is at auto void from
Spring framework this tells spring that
this DAO should be automatically wide so
spring scans through it has to scan
through these packages and our
application is loaded so we have to tell
spring now that which packages here
should be scanned for the beans to do
that go back to the application context
hifen context dot xml here will
not be defining the beans but we'll
simply use the context components can
element and for the base package take
any package here right click on the
package name refactor rename that save
application context it okay instead of
saying dao will take up to spring
because we want spring to scan both the
dao as well as the service packages
because that is
we have defined all our components so it
will scan through these packages it will
find that DAO is a component so it
will remember that then it will go to
the service it will see that this is
also a spring component so it will go in
and it will look at this this is where
we are telling spring that we
automatically want to inject this DAO
any class that implements this DAO
interface can be injected into it so
spring will look which class implements
this DAO here we have only one class
so no issues spring will instantiate
this create an instance of it and it
will inject it into our service then we
can use it as we are doing currently so
go back to the application context that
is all we need in the application
context ctrl shift F to format it let me
add a line so that you can see it
clearly so here we are just telling
spring that it should scan through the
com bharathj-unit spring and all its
sub packages.